_pages/about.md, before:

---
title: Sreejith Sreedharan (Sree)
subtitle: Data Storyteller. Nothing more, nothing less!
description: A stunning personal blog Jekyll theme with an image-focused design.
featured_image: /images/demo/demo-portrait.jpg
---

![](/images/demo/demo-landscape.png)

<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

I am an ever-curious data-driven marketer who’s working for Servcorp as a Global Operations - Senior Marketing Analyst in Predictive Modelling. Before joining Servcorp, I have garnered a solid six years of international work experience in marketing data analytics/science from ACNC, M&C Saatchi Australia & Cognizant Technology Solutions. Over these years, I primarily served as an interface between business units and technology teams to effectively conduct numerous marketing consulting initiatives in cloud computing, machine learning, big data analytics, and business intelligence.

Professionally, I am immensely inspired by the potential for combining marketing with big data analytics and cloud computing; to provide scalable insights on targeted consumer behavior. Through the years, I have amassed strong skill sets in Data Modelling (R, SQL, Python), Data Visualization (Power BI, Qlik Sense, Tableau) and Data Science (Supervised/Unsupervised ML algorithms in R & Python). What excites me the most about this journey is the infinite possibility to scale up the marketing data analytics/science projects in the cloud (by setting up Linux/ Ubuntu Servers in Amazon/Google/Azure Virtual Machines to do end-to-end reporting automation). In a few years down the road, I see myself working at the forefront of data-driven Marketing Management Consulting. 

Academically, I am an Electronics Engineering bachelor with a postgraduate degree in Information Technology & Strategic Marketing from University of Technology, Sydney (Outstanding International Students Award Holder in 2014 & 2015). Apart from my academic and professional life, I am keenly interested in traveling, soccer, skydiving, and metaphysics. Being a Permanent Resident (PR), I am entitled to stay and work full-time in Australia & New Zealand.

That pretty much sums up my story in a nutshell! I can be reached either through my portfolio in [GitHub](https://github.com/srees1988) or in [Linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/srees1988/)

Cheers

Sree

Commit message:

minor changes to about page -26th sept

_pages/about.md, after:

---
title: Sreejith Sreedharan
subtitle: Data Storyteller. Nothing more, nothing less!
description: A stunning personal blog Jekyll theme with an image-focused design.
featured_image: /images/demo/demo-portrait.jpg
---

![](/images/demo/demo-landscape.png)

<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

Hola! My name is Sreejith Sreedharan. Friends call me Sree:) I am an ever-curious data-driven marketer who’s based in Sydney and works for Servcorp as a Global Operations - Senior Marketing Analyst in Predictive Modelling. Before joining Servcorp, I have garnered a solid six years of international work experience in marketing data analytics/science from ACNC, M&C Saatchi Australia & Cognizant Technology Solutions. 

Professionally, I am immensely inspired by the potential for combining marketing with big data analytics and cloud computing; to provide scalable insights on targeted consumer behavior. Through the years, I have amassed skill sets in **Data Modelling** (R, SQL, Python), **Data Visualization** (Power BI, Qlik Sense, Tableau) and **Data Science** (Supervised/Unsupervised ML algorithms in R & Python) to be a boundless data storyteller in years to come. In a few years down the road, I see myself working at the forefront of data-driven Marketing Management Consulting.

Academically, I am an Electronics Engineering bachelor with a postgraduate degree in Information Technology & Strategic Marketing from University of Technology, Sydney (Outstanding International Students Award Holder in 2014 & 2015). Apart from my academic and professional life, I am keenly interested in traveling, soccer, skydiving, and metaphysics. 

Being an Australian Citizen with Indian lineage, I am entitled to stay and work full-time in Australia, New Zealand, India and US (on E3 visa). Thank you for viewing my profile. That pretty much sums up my story in a nutshell! I can be reached either through my portfolio in [GitHub](https://github.com/srees1988) or in [Linkedin.](https://linkedin.com/in/srees1988/)  

Hope you have a nice day!

Cheers  
Sree
